platform/README.md, before:

# Golden Path Platform Infrastructure

This directory contains the Terraform configuration for deploying the Golden Path platform infrastructure on AWS.

## Overview

The Golden Path platform provides a complete infrastructure-as-code solution that includes:

- **Kind Kubernetes Cluster**: Lightweight Kubernetes for development and testing
- **Jenkins CI/CD**: Automated deployment pipelines with enhanced logging
- **NGINX Ingress**: Load balancing and routing
- **External Secrets Operator**: Secure secret management
- **AWS Integration**: Full AWS service integration for infrastructure provisioning

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

1. **AWS CLI configured** with appropriate permissions
2. **Terraform installed** (v1.0+)
3. **SSH key pair** in AWS EC2 (e.g., `golden-path-dev-new`)

### Deploy the Platform

```bash
# Set your key pair name
export KEY_PAIR_NAME="golden-path-dev-new"

# Deploy the platform
./deploy.sh
```

### Manual Deployment

If you prefer manual control:

```bash
# Initialize Terraform
terraform init

# Plan deployment
terraform plan \
    -var="aws_region=us-east-2" \
    -var="environment=dev" \
    -var="key_pair_name=golden-path-dev-new"

# Apply deployment
terraform apply \
    -var="aws_region=us-east-2" \
    -var="environment=dev" \
    -var="key_pair_name=golden-path-dev-new"
```

## Platform Access

After deployment, you'll have access to:

- **Jenkins UI**: `http://<public-ip>:8081`
- **Kubernetes API**: `https://<public-ip>:6443`
- **SSH Access**: `ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip>`

## Automated Setup

The platform includes automated setup that:

1. **Creates Kind cluster** with proper configuration
2. **Installs NGINX Ingress** for load balancing
3. **Deploys External Secrets Operator** for secret management
4. **Sets up Jenkins** with enhanced pipeline support
5. **Configures port forwarding** for easy access

### Monitoring Setup Progress

```bash
# Check if setup is complete
ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'ls -la /home/ec2-user/.setup-complete'

# Monitor setup progress
ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'tail -f /home/ec2-user/setup.log'
```

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

- `AWS_REGION`: AWS region (default: us-east-2)
- `ENVIRONMENT`: Environment name (default: dev)
- `KEY_PAIR_NAME`: EC2 key pair name (required)

### Instance Configuration

- **Instance Type**: t3.medium (2 vCPU, 4GB RAM)
- **Storage**: 20GB GP3 encrypted volume
- **Security Groups**: Configured for Jenkins (8081), Kubernetes (6443), and SSH (22)

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Jenkins not accessible**: Check if port forwarding is running
   ```bash
   ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'ps aux | grep port-forward'
   ```

2. **Setup incomplete**: Check setup logs
   ```bash
   ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'tail -20 /home/ec2-user/setup.log'
   ```

3. **Kubernetes cluster issues**: Check cluster status
   ```bash
   ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'kubectl get nodes'
   ```

### Manual Setup

If automated setup fails, you can run it manually:

```bash
ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip>
cd /home/ec2-user
./setup-platform.sh
```

## Cleanup

To destroy the platform:

```bash
terraform destroy \
    -var="aws_region=us-east-2" \
    -var="environment=dev" \
    -var="key_pair_name=golden-path-dev-new"
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    AWS EC2 Instance                        │
│  ┌─────────────────┐  ┌─────────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐ │
│  │   Kind Cluster  │  │     Jenkins     │  │   NGINX     │ │
│  │   (Kubernetes)  │  │   (CI/CD)       │  │  Ingress    │ │
│  └─────────────────┘  └─────────────────┘  └─────────────┘ │
│  ┌─────────────────┐  ┌─────────────────┐                  │
│  │ External Secrets│  │   AWS CLI       │                  │
│  │    Operator     │  │   Terraform     │                  │
│  └─────────────────┘  └─────────────────┘                  │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Security

- **Encrypted storage**: All EBS volumes are encrypted
- **IAM roles**: Least privilege access for platform operations
- **Security groups**: Restricted access to necessary ports only
- **SSH key authentication**: No password-based access

## Cost Optimization

- **t3.medium instance**: Cost-effective for development workloads
- **Kind cluster**: No EKS costs, runs on single instance
- **GP3 storage**: Optimized for cost and performance
- **Auto-shutdown**: Can be stopped when not in use

Commit message:

feat: trigger GitOps deployment workflow
This commit changes a file in the platform/ directory which
will trigger the GitOps Infrastructure Deployment workflow.

Expected workflow:
1. Lint and validate infrastructure code
2. Deploy to development environment
3. Set up complete platform infrastructure
4. Verify Jenkins deployment
5. Report deployment status

This should now trigger the full GitOps deployment pipeline.

platform/README.md, after:

# Golden Path Platform Infrastructure

This directory contains the Terraform configuration for deploying the Golden Path platform infrastructure on AWS.

## Overview

The Golden Path platform provides a complete infrastructure-as-code solution that includes:

- **Kind Kubernetes Cluster**: Lightweight Kubernetes for development and testing
- **Jenkins CI/CD**: Automated deployment pipelines with enhanced logging
- **NGINX Ingress**: Load balancing and routing
- **External Secrets Operator**: Secure secret management
- **AWS Integration**: Full AWS service integration for infrastructure provisioning

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

1. **AWS CLI configured** with appropriate permissions
2. **Terraform installed** (v1.0+)
3. **SSH key pair** in AWS EC2 (e.g., `golden-path-dev-new`)

### Deploy the Platform

```bash
# Set your key pair name
export KEY_PAIR_NAME="golden-path-dev-new"

# Deploy the platform
./deploy.sh
```

### Manual Deployment

If you prefer manual control:

```bash
# Initialize Terraform
terraform init

# Plan deployment
terraform plan \
    -var="aws_region=us-east-2" \
    -var="environment=dev" \
    -var="key_pair_name=golden-path-dev-new"

# Apply deployment
terraform apply \
    -var="aws_region=us-east-2" \
    -var="environment=dev" \
    -var="key_pair_name=golden-path-dev-new"
```

## Platform Access

After deployment, you'll have access to:

- **Jenkins UI**: `http://<public-ip>:8081`
- **Kubernetes API**: `https://<public-ip>:6443`
- **SSH Access**: `ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip>`

## Automated Setup

The platform includes automated setup that:

1. **Creates Kind cluster** with proper configuration
2. **Installs NGINX Ingress** for load balancing
3. **Deploys External Secrets Operator** for secret management
4. **Sets up Jenkins** with enhanced pipeline support
5. **Configures port forwarding** for easy access

### Monitoring Setup Progress

```bash
# Check if setup is complete
ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'ls -la /home/ec2-user/.setup-complete'

# Monitor setup progress
ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'tail -f /home/ec2-user/setup.log'
```

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

- `AWS_REGION`: AWS region (default: us-east-2)
- `ENVIRONMENT`: Environment name (default: dev)
- `KEY_PAIR_NAME`: EC2 key pair name (required)

### Instance Configuration

- **Instance Type**: t3.medium (2 vCPU, 4GB RAM)
- **Storage**: 20GB GP3 encrypted volume
- **Security Groups**: Configured for Jenkins (8081), Kubernetes (6443), and SSH (22)

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Jenkins not accessible**: Check if port forwarding is running
   ```bash
   ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'ps aux | grep port-forward'
   ```

2. **Setup incomplete**: Check setup logs
   ```bash
   ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'tail -20 /home/ec2-user/setup.log'
   ```

3. **Kubernetes cluster issues**: Check cluster status
   ```bash
   ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip> 'kubectl get nodes'
   ```

### Manual Setup

If automated setup fails, you can run it manually:

```bash
ssh -i ~/.ssh/<key-pair>.pem ec2-user@<public-ip>
cd /home/ec2-user
./setup-platform.sh
```

## Cleanup

To destroy the platform:

```bash
terraform destroy \
    -var="aws_region=us-east-2" \
    -var="environment=dev" \
    -var="key_pair_name=golden-path-dev-new"
```

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    AWS EC2 Instance                        │
│  ┌─────────────────┐  ┌─────────────────┐  ┌─────────────┐ │
│  │   Kind Cluster  │  │     Jenkins     │  │   NGINX     │ │
│  │   (Kubernetes)  │  │   (CI/CD)       │  │  Ingress    │ │
│  └─────────────────┘  └─────────────────┘  └─────────────┘ │
│  ┌─────────────────┐  ┌─────────────────┐                  │
│  │ External Secrets│  │   AWS CLI       │                  │
│  │    Operator     │  │   Terraform     │                  │
│  └─────────────────┘  └─────────────────┘                  │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Security

- **Encrypted storage**: All EBS volumes are encrypted
- **IAM roles**: Least privilege access for platform operations
- **Security groups**: Restricted access to necessary ports only
- **SSH key authentication**: No password-based access

## Cost Optimization

- **t3.medium instance**: Cost-effective for development workloads
- **Kind cluster**: No EKS costs, runs on single instance
- **GP3 storage**: Optimized for cost and performance
- **Auto-shutdown**: Can be stopped when not in use# GitOps Platform Test - Thu Sep  4 02:22:42 EDT 2025
